you've been on the show a few times
we're excited but tonight I think it's
the first time ever you're singing on
the show what are you giving us I'm
gonna give you my new song yes is it off
your new album closer to the truth yes
like some sort of questionnaire and it's
like I've got the facts
obviously you don't you're asking me
you're pretty but now I like you tell
you it's for classic I feel we're
getting classic share tonight what I
mean the classic it's classic share well
you're kind of getting tartan and well
there's a bit of a punk that's a punk
age engage but nice dark hair that is it
a mood thing do you wake up and decide
which share you will be are you out of
your mind tonight
about the explicit content of Fifty
Shades and you know the things but
nothing that Julie Walters hasn't seen
Becky Law personal services oh yeah
[Applause]
really ahead of its time in and all this
stuff in there the all the long all the
fetishes
oh yeah no old Cynthia it was about
Cynthia Payne the madam and yes she'd
seen it all and most of it wasn't to do
with sex it was to do with sort of role
play first time I met her was in a sort
of sheshe restaurant in Soho really
quiet with with Terry Jones you know
from Monty Python was directing it and
she walked in and there was a few diners
in there already quite first thing she
said she didn't even say hello she said
do you like sex journey because you can
find a girl who likes sexual gold
she sits down she gets out a whole load
of photographs and the first one and
they I mean really I'd never seen
anything like me in my life and the
first one was this man lying on the
floor covered in sort of some sort of
dark matter and she said that's my bank
manager dust it's what he liked so he
would pay to go and see her to be
covered in Hoover dust and that's what
and that was discover that you get
turned on by Hoover does if you need a
cleaner just ring me up and I said why
well because I'll get you a slave I have
slaves people come specially to be you
know beaten and do the cleaning so so if
you want somebody all you've got a dozen
to beat so much is that all you've got
so it gives them a toothbrush tell them
to clean the kitchen floor and kick back
the bun in a pair of high heels
and that it's lovely to have you here
it's particularly of the driver here
because earlier this year I don't know
if you remember this there was a bit of
a scare bit of a rumor went out that you
weren't here most have you seen this it
was where a Twitter hashtag went out and
people haven't said yeah people misread
it
yeah do you remember this well no
someone told me well this was the
hashtag and it was when Margaret
Thatcher died but in America people just
said it like now that cher is dead
there are a lot of people tweeting yes I
got there was a big Twitter fast it was
trending she's dead this happens a lot
with the hashtag II thing yes so for
instance I remember Susan Boyle she was
lovely singer Susan Boyle
she was launching a new album and she
was going to have a party and there was
much excitement when she announced her
party
[Laughter]
for a ticket
but this is my favorite one I think like
what were they thinking so there's a
very posh event here called the
Cheltenham literary festival
so the Chaplin literary festival kind of
went yeah we must well that's get
involved in this whole Twitter thing
let's be all over it yeah we like
writers and books and things but we
really need people so they came up with
a twitter name for themselves at the
Cheltenham literary festival here it is
sadly attendance is very low no good
fine
I have to rap in the Harry Hill film
after it's really hard to turn yeah it's
well that's why it stuck in my head it's
not that hard to learn
it's why I'm holding that place I'm just
laughing because I've only seen kids I
hopefully it does look very funny every
clip makes me laugh a lot we're seeing
one like sir what's your rap do you mean
my rap is about black boys
yo give me fun sea and Sun hot dog in a
bun just be quick drink on spit
said tiny you can go now you ever done
on the show
[Music]
[Applause]
and of course I think it's exciting
because after all these you're in a
movie with Meryl Streep again yes yeah
cuz Silkwood who's your first movie
wasn't it yes yeah and and I've heard
you talked about how you know some
actors were a little sissy about the
idea of Cher going out acting it was
terrible actually I went Mike Nichols
called and said they're playing the
trailer at some movie you know in
Westwood and you've got to go and see it
so I said oh I'm so excited so I
actually didn't do that but I was very
excited so my sister my friend and I ran
to see it we're sitting there and it
comes up and they show some clips and
then they say you know Meryl Streep and
everybody applause and then they say
Kurt Russell and everyone applause and
then they say Cher and everyone started
laughing oh and it was just it was
heartbreaking but all I kept thinking
was you know everyone did it so it's so
organic it's so it was just it just was
the truth and so I was I got home and I
called him and he said they may laugh in
the in the beginning but they won't be
laughing at the end I have true they way
I got nominated for Academy Awards
people young actors out there should
take solace because although the success
was very fast and everything not all the
auditions went that brilliantly in the
beginning do you know the one I'm
talking about
the one with Dino De Laurentiis Oh
auditioning yes yes yes well that was
for King Kong no yes yes the girl she's
very good yeah that was Dino De
Laurentiis senior and his son had seen
me in a play and so I went up to the top
of the Gulf and Western building that
like the 33rd floor and he had this
amazing office that looked all over
Manhattan and he was back there and I
walked in and and his son was sitting
there very excited that he brought in
this new actress and the father said to
his son in Italian because I understand
tiny said gay brother you know why do
you bring me this ugly thing yeah very
sobering so I said to him me this Piazza
Motoman you know but I understand what
you're saying I'm sorry I'm not
beautiful enough to be in Kings car
[Applause]
[Music]
you